Bump version to `0.34.0` and finilized the CHANGELOG.md (#488)
FuelLabs/fuel-vm: CHANGELOG.md

Description of the upcoming release here.

## [Version 0.34.0]

> The release contains fixes for critical issues that we found before the audit. 
> Mainly it affected SMT and related code. The redundant code was removed in 
> several places and replaced with more evident logic.
> 
> The functionality of the SMT was extended to provide more flexibility and 
> select the most performant API.

Reviewer: I'm just adding a bit of extra clarity to this CHANGELOG description:

```suggestion
This release contains fixes for critical issues that we found before the audit. 
Mainly, these changes pertain to the Sparse Merkle Tree (SMT) and related 
code. The SMT API was extended to provide more flexibility and to allow users 
to select the most appropriate method their performance needs. Where possible, 
sequential SMT updates were replaced with constructors that take in a complete 
data set.
```
